# fabrgu.github.io

#Author: Fabiola Gutierrez

# Generic ecommerce website project

The Generic ecommerce web app displays a table where the user (shopper) can see information about vegetable items 
(the name, price and description provided by a json file). The user can click on a button on the same row as 
the vegetable to add to cart. The cart will display the number of total items, the total number per item, and the total price. 
Once the item is in the cart, remove and add item buttons will appear underneath the item and users can add or remove (adding 
or removing the item by 1) from the shopping cart. Additionally, an input will appear where the user can input a 
positive integer number and change the item's quantity in the cart. The same input also has up and down arrows which the user can
press to add or subtract the item's quantity by one.

#Files included

This project includes two custom javascript (js) files. One js file for the shoppingCart object, which keeps information about the user's shopping cart, 
about the user's shopping and another js file for the helper methods that display the table and other html generated by the json file. 
The helper methods also helps display up-to-date information about the user's shopping cart, which is kept in the shoppingCart js file.
The index.html file is the landing page of the website and includes the style and basic html that help shape the page's look.

Third-party js and css files are included: several js and css files for bootstrap  and one js file for jQuery. 
The third-party bootstrap files were included to help style the webpage. The jQuery file was included to easily apply
some more advanced techniques in a less verbose manner. Bootstrap and jQuery were also brought in to have a bit of cross-browser
support.

#Running the website
To run the website you must have a localhost set up on your computer. The easiest way of setting up a localhost, and the 
way I've developed the eccommerce website, was to download JetBrain's WebStorm IDE. Import the project folder to the IDE as
a new project. Go to the index.html file. Either click the green run arrow button at the upper right of the page, or hover a bit 
around the same area and browser icons will appear on the upper right corner. Click on a browser that you have installed on your 
computer. 

The code will also be stored in my github (repository: fabrgu/fabrgu.github.io) as an alternative way of accessing the code.
As an additional next step - I hope to get the code hosted into gitpages.
